Made policy field optional on metadata. Verify only when policy field is present. (#37)
input-output-hk/offchain-metadata-tools: docs/index.org

when querying a metadata service for the metadata of our asset, we
will use the subject in our query.

For phase-1 monetary scripts the standard for wallet metadata is that
the subject is equal to the hash of the policy concatenated to the
base16-encoded asset name (which can be empty).

> For phase-2 Plutus Smart-Contracts the ~POLICY_ID~ is equal to the

Reviewer: Do you mean?
```suggestion
For phase-2 Plutus Smart-Contracts the subject is equal to the
```

I think also it would be very useful to provide a command how to obtain it as it is provided for subject for tokens below.
